Fixed some minor typos (#39225)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-work-on-the-docs-theme.md

## About the documentation site

While you do not need to generate the documentation site locally, sometimes it may be required for instance if you are working on the site theme or a feature for the site.

The site is generated using [`docsify`](https://docsify.js.org), and served using GitHub pages.

> Typically you would not need to change any configuration or build the site locally, but incase you are interested here is how it works:

Reviewer: Since we are changing this, let's make the wording a bit more clear.
```suggestion
Typically you would not need to change any configuration or build the site locally.  In case you are interested, here is how it works:
```

Author: Great. Looks like there is an extra space before "In case".

Reviewer: @Ashikpaul I removed the space, so you should be able to commit the suggested change now.
